[WC-381] Update requirements widget generator (#3286)
mendix/docs: content/howto/extensibility/build-native-widget.md

	![Pluggable Widget Generator input](attachments/build-native-widget/pluggable-widget-generator-input.png)

5. Your widget will build. If your app has been scaffolded correctly, you will see the following message:

	`> Widget successfully built!! Please open Mendix Studio Pro and start playing with your new widget.`

> Note that whenever it's required to reinstall NPM package dependencies inside the scaffolded widget development project with an NPM version of 7 or higher, make sure to run the installation script with an extra flag: `npm install --legacy-peer-deps`.

Author: @ConnorLand Technically we are scaffolding a widget development project in this section 3.1. I think it's good to change "a Pluggable Widget App" to "a Pluggable Widget development project" throughout this how-to. Also for the other how-to's.

Reviewer: I think changing this to the following should be fine too? I think the difference between "app" and "development project" is not too significant for the target audience of these docs. The latter could also be confused for this being required _only_ during development and not anymore after/for release. What do you all think?
```suggestion
Note that whenever it's required to reinstall NPM package dependencies inside the scaffolded pluggable widget app project with an NPM version of 7 or higher, make sure to run the installation script with an extra flag: `npm install --legacy-peer-deps`.
```

Author: I think "app" doesn't cut it. It's not an application, it's a project directory that contains the implementation of a widget. We already refer to a Mendix test app in the how-tos which makes reference to a widget app more confusing I believe.

Reviewer: I can see that, changing it is fine with me as well. Can you include that in this PR?

Author: I leave that up to Connor :)

Reviewer: Is there a specific reason you're leaving that to the docs team? It's a change that we as the dev team are proposing so I think it would make more sense for us to include it in the PR than leave that to the docs team. AFAIK they are responsible for language reviews and making sure everything is formatted (in the final docs) nicely. If you want their input before making the changes, then it makes more sense to tag them with an explicit question or create a separate commit that is easily revertable.

Reviewer 2: Hey guys. I see what you both are saying. I think the option we should go with is "widget app" and here's why:
1. The difference between Mendix test app and widget app is fairly clear, because each get their own separate sections.
2. Documentation has received broad guidance to refer to things as apps over projects when possible, and to reserve the word "project" to describe a work process instead of a product.

Thanks for your thoughts,

Connor
